you got to shoot caris levert garden he
had all the room in the world on that
Chuck and then someone very well
congested
goodness we don't know how long these
kids are done over the last three weeks
I'm not sure we've ever seen
field goal was his first mate in the
last
it is on its feet
dad we're gonna have another chive up
John saw coach counsel with how
Wisconsin is going to set up there and
thought you know what I'm talk to my
young room here a little bit more let's
get locked in defensively visit it
there's an awful lot time left on this
clock
here at first sight at AT&T Stadium
learning game this has been Connecticut
has advanced on the final game on Monday
and the Wildcats hold on now here in
this last 5.7 what do you expect the
Badgers to do how do you think they'll
come down here and so well you don't
have a lot of opportunity to do a whole
lot you've got to get the ball and bat
inbound and race down the floor and we
also go for seconds is plenty of time to
get the ball from one into the court to
the other
I imagine traevon Jackson was going to
have this ball pushing it up the floor
he might have time to appreciate it but
they're in Harrison
Darius Miller tweeting out let's go
watch Darius Miller
come on cats let's go defensive effort
right here one stop what stop dating
managers have to go the length mother's
hoarding here comes Trayvon Jack